it's Troy Donahue and Connie Stevens
mobbed by fans wherever they go the
response to these two skyrocketing
Warner Brothers stars was so
overwhelming it had to happen
the lovers everybody loved in parish art
together again
Warner Brothers has assembled a
wonderful cast in support of these
bright young stars under Delmar Dave's
the writer director of a summer place
and parish
Dorothy Maguire as Leah's slave Lloyd
Noland as Roger slaved Brian Ahern as
Staunton Corbett Kent Smith as dr. Fane
Bert Convy as Wells Corbett Grant
Williams as con white after a Merida you
couldn't call your parents every time we
make that practice keeping a secret the
love story of Susan Slade is the story
of a girl of today living at today's
upbeat tempos playing at today's jet age
speeds on San Francisco society's posh
Nob Hill or the queen of luxury cruise
liners or in the center of the money is
no object social whirl of a billionaires
playground like Pebble Beach
Susan Slade appeared to be a girl who
had everything but behind that glamorous
appearance is a different and much more
fascinating story
what may I ask are you doing seeing if
anything's broken do you have to feel me
to find out do you know a better way
marriage is something I just can't think
about yet most important is do you love
me not enough I could make you love me
enough if you'll give me the chance is
unless there's something drastically
wrong with me
the trouble is not with you Wells it is
with me
you can hardly walk down an aisle with
whales wearing somewhat soiled gum isn't
that what it's supposed to stand for
purity let's face it I'm not
I was afraid you I thought you'd go how
could you believe anything could make
any difference without you I'm nothing I
love you hard
I love you
you